QUESTIONS:

Q1. Display the list of cases with the same age.

Q2. Find the no. Of accounts for each industry in the descending order.

Q3. Find the 3rd maximum current cost in products table.

Q4. Write a query to fetch 200 maximum Current cost from products table.

Q5. Display the accounts name, industry, caseid to cases in every account.

Q6. Display the owning user, account id, status reason, amount and quantity of products to every orders. 

Q7. Select all records where full name of both sales_person_target and users table matches.

Q8. Count the number of quote products in quote wise and also display the name. 

Q9. Write a query to find the names of quotes which has highest total amount and also display the quote id.

Q10. Write a query to fetch 100 minimum Total Amount from quotes table

Q11. Write an SQL query to print the name of product having the highest total amount in each product type.

Q12. Write an SQL query to fetch the last 20  records from accounts table using union. 

Q13. Write an SQL query to show the row where industry is manufacturing twice in results.

Q14. Write an SQL query to fetch the list of account name with the same industry and also display their account, owning user, website and business type. 

Q15. Write a query to fetch the list of caseid, created_on, case_stage, age, age_tier who have their cases in industry manufacturing or pharma.

Q16. Write a query to select all records for any total_amount less than $22.66K from orders table.

Q17. Write a query to select all records for all current_cost less than INR 1,656.17 from products_1 table.

Q18. Write a query Name, product, current cost, product type from products who has amount more than 500 from the table price list items.

Q19. Select order id name of the top most 5 having highest total amount. 

Q20. Select name, product having status reason active and product type either personal care or home maintenance who have top 12 products. 

Q21. Write a query to select name and price list having status reason = active, name wise having price list greater than avg price list.

Q22. Write a query to select price list, products from price list items and left join with name and created on from table product, join on product id. 

Q23. Write a query to select opportunity, topic without having es in between and having total account amount more than 200.

Q24. Write query to select name where product id of product is equal to product id of price list and status reason is active.

Q25. Write a query to select lead, industry and avg of owning user by group in lead.

Q26. Select caseid, origin and sum of age and group by case id. 

Q27. Write a query to select topic probability and avg of opportunity with opportunity lead greater than 1500 in probability wise. 

Q28. Write  a query to count the opportunities by account amount wise.

Q29. Write a query to select all the records from accounts and contacts table.

Q30. Write a query to left JOIN table orders and order product on order id. 

Q31. Write a query to right join table orders and order product on order id.

Q32. Write a query to select price list product product id and amount where amount is less than 1000. 

Q33. Write a query to select order id, name, total amount and account id where total amount is equal to order id of 21003541.

Q34. Write a query to select all records where user is equal to 1010. 

